let's make a defrosting today
of breads for the subject of oxidation
fermentation of each baked because
we have an hour and a half to get the
people and we have to be all ready and
we use sourdough
It helps us to give sensitivity to
dough to give flavor to give
consistency
for us for all our plans
we use them for all these issues and the
we use depends on proportions
different depends on the bread when
appear even though zinos a little more than
this and when they are loaves like a video if
this in good quantities
this applies flavor this texture friend
crust in any case there is nothing like that
the moon is not full the night it looks
penalty is not erased is it understood maybe the
light that blinds you illuminates at once
knows where you 're going if you're going to
we in that we use the eggs of
corral are eggs
a special farm for us eggs
They are fresh and they serve us
to be different and with the sandwich and
breakfasts as what you see here then
We work with
sausages stuffed our neighbor of
renzo will see marked or what makes us
after hams rossville
bacon of cachete types
example sausage of maple honey that is
interesting for a type of sandwich that
we make
what we know too
much the subject of a lot of sausages
egg theme
I'm actually a marketing graduate
I came to the coffee world basically with
a professor of market development
who worked in a coffee world was
event organizer until a
moment I was very struck by
all the productive triple the art the art
and what it really is to be a barista and
how do you get to ego does how much being in
the beginnings of the project like that
basically since August that when
it was not yet complete and until
still missing some details for
in this case
I really liked the concept with a friend
what friend told me he is trying
also harrison neira who is
currently a national champion of
baristas
he contacted me with renato I liked all the
ego concept
and well I arrived here
he had a pretty intense practice in
the first months to be able to improve the
express technique all the peasants
which are art and the themes are
guests to know during the whole day
but then it remains in the mill in the
doors of the plain just in
Tahiti street 175 behind the wall of the
premise where we look for 8 to 8 and
we can receive them with breakfast
sandwiches and salads good breads coffee
organic and everything that you